I think the one that I do remember would be the Aberfan disaster actually.
We had a television in the staff room in the school I was teaching in.
We must have done, because I didn't have one where I was staying.
And a lot of the staff were there and we were watching this unfolding together.
And that made a very profound impression on me.
I have to say it...
I would almost say it emphasised my Welshness.
I was teaching in York, amidst English people, and I watched this terrible thing happening.
And suddenly I thought, these are my people that are dying here.
And it sort of made me much more pro-Welsh, I think, as the effect it had.
Before I hadn't thought about it very much.
I'd said my adnod, my verse, in chapel every Sunday.
And in a way I never really felt fully part of either English or Welsh.
Because being brought up as a small child, learning to talk, I learned Welsh first.
And then we lived in Pembrokeshire, where they have quite a strong Welsh accent,
but they didn't speak Welsh in the area we were in.
So I must have learnt Welsh when I started school.
And then coming back to Chester, all my education was in English.
The only Welsh I had really was going to chapel on a Sunday morning and learning a verse.
So it hadn't really...
You know, it got established in my... my roots were Welsh.
But when I saw the Aberfan disaster, then there was no doubting it, I was Welsh.
And ever since then I've done a lot more in the way of learning to speak more Welsh,
learning to read it and write it and even doing an AS level in it.
So that was a very... you know, it was a turning point, I think, for me, for a lot of things that.
And again, it was only black and white television,
but it didn't have to be coloured to emphasise the terrible things that happened.
And I think all the people around me, the other staff who were watching,
you know, we all felt the same that this was a disgrace, it shouldn't have happened.